[Skip to content](https://lotterysambad.one/#content "Skip to content")

Nagaland State Lottery Sambad (লটারি সংবাদ) Result Today of Dear Lottery Morning, Day, and Evening / Night Live Ticket Draw on Lottery Sambad.

### **Today’s Result**

[1:00 PM](https://lotterysambad.one/nagaland-state-lottery-result-1-pm/)

[6:00 PM](https://lotterysambad.one/nagaland-state-lottery-result-6-00-pm/)

[8:00 PM](https://lotterysambad.one/nagaland-state-lottery-result-8-00-pm/)

### Nagaland State Lottery Prize

| Rank | No. of Prizes | Prize Amount (in ₹) | Super Prize Amount (in ₹) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 99,00,000 | 1,00,000 |
| Cons. | 699 | 1,000 | 500 |
| 2 | 7,000 | 9,000 | 500 |
| 3 | 70,000 | 500 | 50 |
| 4 | 70,000 | 250 | 20 |
| 5 | 7,00,000 | 120 | 10 |

**Note:** The price chart above is for Dear Evening Lottery. The number of prizes for Dear Morning Lottery is: 1, 579, 5800, 58000, 58000, 580000 and Dear Day Lottery is 1, 259, 2600, 26000, 26000, 260000 in the same order. The price amount is the same.

Nagaland State Lotteries was established in the year 1972 under the supervision of the Finance Department to generate a dependable source of revenue for the State Government. Nagaland State Lottery is held every day of the week at three different times of the day, Morning, Day, and Evening. Every day, the lottery is held under a different name with some difference in the prize money with the top prize worth ₹1 Crore (including Super Prize amount). The daily lotteries hosted by Nagaland State include Dear Morning, Dear Day, and Dear Evening which costs ₹6 for each ticket.

### Nagaland Dear Lottery Timetable

| Day | 1:00 PM | 6:00 PM | 8:00 PM |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Monday | Dear Dwarka | Dear Desert | Dear Finch |
| Tuesday | Dear Godavari | Dear Wave | Dear Goose |
| Wednesday | Dear Indus | Dear Hill | Dear Pelican |
| Thursday | Dear Mahanadi | Dear Lake | Dear Sandpiper |
| Friday | Dear Meghna | Dear Mountain | Dear Seagull |
| Saturday | Dear Narmada | Dear River | Dear Stork |
| Sunday | Dear Yamuna | Dear Sea | Dear Toucan |

**Dear Morning:** Total Tickets 5.80 Crores to be printed in 42 to 99/A B C D E G H J K L series with Serial no. 00000 to 99999. Price of each ticket will be 6/-.

**Dear Day:** Total Tickets 2.80 Crores to be printed in 74 to 99/A B C D E G H J K L series with Serial no. 00000 to 99999. Price of each ticket will be 6/-.

**Dear Evening:** Total Tickets 7.00 Crores to be printed in 30 to 99/A B C D E G H J K L series followed by Serial no. 00000 to 99999. The price of each ticket will be ₹6/-.

In India, 13 states have legalized the conduction and playing of lottery games while in the rest of the states, there is a total ban on conduction and playing of lottery games. Nagaland is one of those 13 states in India where playing and conducting lottery has been legal since 1967. The rest of the 12 states are Assam, Mizoram, Kerala, Meghalaya, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh Goa, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, West Bengal, and Sikkim. Results are published on Lottery Sambad (লটারি সংবাদ), Dhankesari, and Official Government Gazatte.

### Important Information regarding Nagaland State Lottery

The Nagaland State Lottery is conducted every day at _**P. R. Hill Junction, Kohima – 797001**_, and the lotteries are managed and organized by the Director of Nagaland State Lotteries. If you happen to be one of the lucky winners then you have to:

- Turn in your ticket with a copy of the lottery claim form
- The ticket should be intact and not damaged
- You should attach a government-recognized Photo ID and Passport size photographs with the claim form
- Tampered or mutilated tickets are not accepted

The State Government authorizes the Distributor to make the payment of the prize on behalf of the State Government, up to the value of ₹10,000/- (Rupees Ten Thousand) only to the prize winners from the respective distributor/stockist/agents/seller.

All claims above ₹10,000 shall be submitted only to Director, Government of Nagaland, or Nodal Office in respective States within 30 (Thirty) days from the Draw Date along with the forms for claims in the prescribed format along with the Original Prize Winning Ticket duly signed by the prize winner and other documents to receive the payment within 60 (sixty) days.

### Frequently Asked Questions

**Q. Is lottery legal in India?**

_Ans. Lotteries are legal in 13 states of India, which include Nagaland, Assam, Mizoram, Kerala, Meghalaya, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh Goa, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, West Bengal, and Sikkim. West Bengal consists of more players than any other state in India, as a result, West Bengal wins the most Lottery Sambad (লটারি সংবাদ) prizes._

**Q. Who manages and organizes the lotteries?**

_Ans. The lottery in every state is managed by the respective government of the state such as in the state of Nagaland, the lottery is managed and organized by the Director of Nagaland State Lotteries._

**Q. From where can I buy Nagaland State Lottery Ticket?**

_Ans. Lottery tickets can be bought offline from a local agent or online through authorized retailers._

**Q. Can I buy Nagaland State Lottery Tickets online?**

_Ans. There are a couple of online vendors available from where you can buy Nagaland State Lottery Tickets_

**Q. Who is eligible to buy a Nagaland Lottery Ticket?**

_Ans. Anyone can buy a lottery take and play the Nagaland State lottery game but only those people will be able to claim their prize if they have a valid state domicile so, it is recommended that if you are not from the state of Nagaland then you shouldn’t take part in it as you won’t receive the winning prize._

**Q. What are Nagaland Bumper lotteries?**

_Ans. In addition to the lotteries mentioned above, Nagaland State runs bumper lotteries which are scheduled few times a year: Dear Diwali, Kali Puja, Happy New Year, Winter Special, Lohri Makar Sankranti Bumper lottery, offering more than ₹1 Crore jackpot._

**Q. How can I contact Nagaland Lotteries?**

The Director

Directorate of Nagaland State Lotteries

Ph: 0370-2229982

Website: [www.nagalandlotteries.com](http://www.nagalandlotteries.com/)